    1. What is Semantic HTML?
	 Semantic tags allow for a clear understanding on what is happening on a web page making it easier for both the programmer and viewer.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	Html is used to format web pages then later styled by CSS.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	Attributes are made of two parts a name and a value and is placed inside the element's opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	It is used for the title of the page and is the biggest font on the whole document.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	Anchor tag and image tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	<!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id? 
	The id specifies a unique id for an HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
	It is to change the font color or size in CSS but so it can go directly to that specific id.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once
    10. What is a class? 
	Class is similiar to id but can used more than once.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	you can add a class to a div. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	Perhaps infinte but it will interfere with styling.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	you need an anchor tab where you add href="URL"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	The alt attribute is used within the image tag withing HTML
    15. How do I reference an id?
	You reference it with the #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	There is no difference it used for semantics which is basically how you choose to divide it.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	CSS is used to style the page after applying the HTML elements font size, coloring, and sizing.
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	Tab
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	Id can only be used one to specify one important and class can group differnet things together.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	we use a period characther
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human p{

	}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	A parent child selector is basically the structure of the content and to direct styling to specific sections with various classes or ids. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	#div {

	}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	Pseudo selector is when a colon is preceding it such as hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-spacing: 10px;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing: 10px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	Using text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
		border: 1px;
		color: black;
		line: dotted;
	}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*{
		background-color: red;
	}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm and once it is removed it is removed forever.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	In order to separate who did what and if a contribution adds bugs you know the source of the issue rather than creating an issue and it being more difficult to find the source.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	You should commit everytime you make meaningful progress to said project.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push -u
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	First you fork to create your own copy, then you clone onto gitbash, you make the changes you need to make, git add.,  git commit, git push, then submit a pull on git hub.
	
	https://codepen.io/steven40-a/pen/mdrzpMv
